README.md, before:

# AI Coding Prompt Guides

This repository contains two comprehensive Markdown guides designed to help developers
learn to code using AI and craft effective AI-driven coding prompts.

## Guides

- [LearnToCode.md](LearnToCode.md): A curated collection of AI prompts to help you learn programming
  concepts, write code, maintain quality, troubleshoot issues, and deepen your
  understanding of core software engineering topics. Includes a glossary of terms.
- [ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md](ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md): An index to scenario-specific prompt guides. See:
  - [Writing New Code](writing-new-code.md)
  - [Modifying Existing Code](modifying-existing-code.md)
  - [Troubleshooting](troubleshooting.md)
  - [Learning To Code](learning-to-code-guide.md)

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<USERNAME>/<REPO>.git
   cd <REPO>
   ```
2. Open the guides in your preferred Markdown viewer or editor:
   - [LearnToCode.md](LearnToCode.md)
   - [ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md](ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md)

## Usage

Copy and paste the prompts from these guides into your AI coding assistant (e.g., ChatGPT,
Claude Sonnet, GitHub Copilot) to accelerate learning, development, and troubleshooting.

## Changelog

- ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md: Updated initial prompt to a robust feature prompt template with clear requirements, best practices, error handling, and unit tests.
 
- ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md: Added Next.js-specific frontend prompt template with SSR/SSG, dynamic routing, and testing guidelines.

- ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md: Split the monolithic guide into four scenario-specific files (`writing-new-code.md`, `modifying-existing-code.md`, `troubleshooting.md`, `learning-to-code-guide.md`), and refactored `ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md` into an index linking to them.

## Contributing

Contributions, issues, and suggestions are welcome! To contribute:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-name`).
3. Make your changes and commit them.
4. Push to the branch and open a pull request.

Please follow the existing style and guidelines when adding or modifying prompts.

## License

This repository is currently unlicensed. Please contact the repository owner for permissions
to use or modify the content.

Commit message:

Add MIT License and update README.md to reference LICENSE

README.md, after:

# AI Coding Prompt Guides

This repository contains two comprehensive Markdown guides designed to help developers
learn to code using AI and craft effective AI-driven coding prompts.

## Guides

- [LearnToCode.md](LearnToCode.md): A curated collection of AI prompts to help you learn programming
  concepts, write code, maintain quality, troubleshoot issues, and deepen your
  understanding of core software engineering topics. Includes a glossary of terms.
- [ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md](ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md): An index to scenario-specific prompt guides. See:
  - [Writing New Code](writing-new-code.md)
  - [Modifying Existing Code](modifying-existing-code.md)
  - [Troubleshooting](troubleshooting.md)
  - [Learning To Code](learning-to-code-guide.md)

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<USERNAME>/<REPO>.git
   cd <REPO>
   ```
2. Open the guides in your preferred Markdown viewer or editor:
   - [LearnToCode.md](LearnToCode.md)
   - [ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md](ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md)

## Usage

Copy and paste the prompts from these guides into your AI coding assistant (e.g., ChatGPT,
Claude Sonnet, GitHub Copilot) to accelerate learning, development, and troubleshooting.

## Changelog

- ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md: Updated initial prompt to a robust feature prompt template with clear requirements, best practices, error handling, and unit tests.
 
- ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md: Added Next.js-specific frontend prompt template with SSR/SSG, dynamic routing, and testing guidelines.

- ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md: Split the monolithic guide into four scenario-specific files (`writing-new-code.md`, `modifying-existing-code.md`, `troubleshooting.md`, `learning-to-code-guide.md`), and refactored `ultimate-coding-prompt-guide.md` into an index linking to them.

## Contributing

Contributions, issues, and suggestions are welcome! To contribute:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-name`).
3. Make your changes and commit them.
4. Push to the branch and open a pull request.

Please follow the existing style and guidelines when adding or modifying prompts.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
